Still Mr. Li is great
Cool!
There's so many people here today.
Yeah, thanks to your husband's ability
Otherwise, I wouldn't be qualified to stand here
Or thanks to you two
Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to make so much money.
autumn
How did you three sneak in?
Of course he walked in openly
Bullshit, this is the Jiangnan Business Exchange Meeting
Only people worth over a billion can participate
Well, even if you make some money in the stock market
There is no qualification for membership here either.
Who says we only make money in the stock market?
What kind of broken free game hall do you have?
What kind of money do you make?
That's funny.
I've never heard of anything
Fees can make money
You don't know because you're ignorant.
Frog in the Well
Who are you talking about the frog in the well?
Earth, I tell you.
Don't think you got two stocks right
I don't know what my last name is
I warn you
Get out now
If I don't go
What can you do with me?
Security guard
Break the legs of the three people who snuck in
Throw it out